# The-Last-of-US-Part-II-Character-Database

The Last of Us Part II is an action-adventure game played from a third-person perspective featuring elements of the survival horror genre. It is a 2020 action-adventure game developed by the game company, Naughty Dog and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment for the PlayStation 4. 

This database is designed to store relevant information regarding the two playable characters in the game, Ellie and Abby, depicting their gender, origin and bio. Both characters in this game share and differ certain elements. In the game, both characters can obtain the same exact skill upgrades, which allows the player to upgrade the playable character’s status. In this database skill upgrades depicts each skill's type and their name. Though both characters share the same skill upgrades, they differ in obtaining weapons; In the game, weapons are specific to both characters. The database showcases which weapon belongs to which character, as well as their name, description, and location. In this game, both characters can perform the same amount of crafts. Crafting items are a great feature in the game that allows the player to develop new and improved mechanics to use against enemies. This database will showcase each crafting item's  name, the effect is has, materials to collect and recipes to unlock. Being that this is a horror game, this database includes information on the enemies, aka “infected” in this game. Both characters can fight against all the same infected types, in which this database includes the infected's type and bio. Lastly, both characters appear in the same chapters. In other words, chapters pertain to the number of times each specific playable character appears in an act within a chapter. During the game, you alternate between the Ellie and Abby, so they appear In the same chapter, but In different times of the day.

This concludes the information stored in this database. Both Ellie and Abby are complex characters that the player learns to love and understand as the story progresses. Fun fact, The Last of Us Part II is the fastest-selling PlayStation 4 exclusive, with over four million units sold in its release weekend.

Interfaces:
